Hello in this video I'll show you the best practices on how to solve an exercise.
So in other words I'll pretend I'm a student now and  I'll go ahead and solve the first exercise. So or here on
the left I have the Udemy interface, and here on the right
I have opened an empty folder which I named  pyexercises as you in here and I'll be working with Atom editor.
So you can right click and go to open Atom.
Once you have opened Atom, then you don't need this folder anymore.
Actually get close that and you can work on Atom and I'll suggest you create one file for each exercise.
So for exercise one, I'll go ahead and say one.py. That's the first file and you'll see that
in the folder now, one file has been created.
So a Python file and then I'll have 2.py, 3.py up to
100.py.
So let's look at the first exercise.
OK.
The first thing you need to look at is this bar in here.
So we have four different levels. We have beginner, we have easy, intermediate, and experienced.
So this is just to give you an idea of the difficulty level of the current exercise.
This also the science on how many points an exercise has,
but I'll go through that later.
So you always have a question here for each exercise of this one it says let's start with easy things
first.
OK.
What will the following code produce?
Now as you can see this is quite an easy exercise.
The first exercises are easy but that gets complex.
So  you need to be patient.
This one I prefer to do it mentally.
I don't want to write that in a Python file, but normally most exercises ask you to write some programs.
So this is a special exercise.
This is asking you to say what output this gives and you can't just say  the answer mentally.
So for this two four six this would be a six.
So the output for this would be six. Six is my answer. If you need help, then you can follow these arrows.
They will take you to a hint.
Which says Python reads and executes scripts from top to bottom which means that a gets a value
of two first then it gets a value of four and six then six
is used here and print will print out that last updated value.
However if you like you can try that code out in the Python terminal.
That and then you'd open platformio ide terminal. Python 1 tap 6.
So that's the answer.
And then you can check your answer against the solution which is always in the next article.
So this says one point and then you can check the answer.
Here's the exercise for reference for your convenience.
I have included here the code for the exercise and the answer is 6 and 6 was my answer so I can note down
6 points.
Sorry, 1 point for this one.
And you can do that using a pen on a paper. I'd prefer a pen and paper, but if you like you can do
that digitally so you can create a file here. Let's say points.txt. And you say so exercise 1, 1.
One point.
So exercise 2, 1 point, exercise 3, 2 points.
And so on.
Later you can use Python to make the sum of all your points when you have reached exercise 100.
And you'd use that total number of points to see what category you fall in.
So your skill level.
Yeah, you're going to have an article on that
at the end of the course. You also have the explanation here if you want to know more about this solution of the
exercise.
So sometimes you'll learn new things so you don't ignore them even if you if you feel that you understood
well the exercise. Often there is something new that you may learn while reading or watching some videos.
So don't ignore the explanation.
Yeah, this is about exercise number one.
And if you click continue you'd go to exercise 2, but I won't do that.
So I hope this is clear.
And, yeah.
Now you can move on to the first exercise of the course.
I'll talk to you later.